[3.8.] Avatar documentation (#1233)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/avatar/types.md

---

> title: Types

Reviewer: Cross link the Types and Appearance articles via Next Steps

page_title: Avatar Types
description: Explore the Blazor Avatar Types.
slug: avatar-types
tags: telerik,blazor,avatar,type,image,icon,text
published: True
position: 5
---

# Avatar Types

> The `Type` parameter of the Avatar for Blazor allows you to specify what kind of content will be visualized in the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Type` parameter of the Avatar for Blazor defines what kind of content will render inside the component. The parameter allows the Avatar to adjust its styling to its content.
```

> The Avatar serves as a wrapper - you should declare the desired content inside the `<TelerikAvatar>` tag and specify the `Type` based on the content type.

Reviewer 2: Mention the `ChildContent` here.

The `Type` parameter accepts a member of the `AvatarType` enum:

* `Image` - default value
* `Text`
* `Icon`

> We recommend setting the correct `Type` to the Avatar depending on the content you want to display inside it. The Avatar will apply different styles to the content based on the specified `Type`.

Reviewer 2: maybe use a `>tip`? 

You can move that sentence after the next paragraph.

---
title: Types
page_title: Avatar Types
description: Explore the Blazor Avatar Types.
slug: avatar-types
tags: telerik,blazor,avatar,type,image,icon,text
published: True
position: 5
---

# Avatar Types

The `Type` parameter of the Avatar for Blazor defines what kind of content will render inside the component. The parameter allows the Avatar to adjust its styling to its content.

The Avatar serves as a wrapper - you should declare the desired content as `ChildContent` inside the `<TelerikAvatar>` tag and specify the `Type` based on the content type.

The `Type` parameter accepts a member of the `AvatarType` enum:

* `Image` - default value
* `Text`
* `Icon`

> If the `Type` parameter value is not matching the type of the content, you will not get the optimal appearance of the component. For example, using `AvatarType.Image` when you render text in the component will result in misaligned, not centered text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `Type` parameter value is not matching the type of the content, you will not get the optimal appearance of the component. For example, using `AvatarType.Image` when you render text in the component will result in misaligned text.
```

> >tip We recommend setting the correct `Type` to the Avatar depending on the content you want to display inside it. The Avatar will apply different styles to the content based on the specified `Type`.

Author: Sort of. I added it as a tip with a recommendation for better visibility.
